1. Redirect to https://qa-refapp.openmrs.org/openmrs/login.htm
2. Enter Username(Admin) and password(Admin123)
3. Pick any location below and click on Login. 
4. Verify dashboard page is redirected using Assertion. 
5. Cick on Register a patent menu. 
6. Enter the detail of Demographics(Name, Gender, Birthdate) and Contact Info(Address, Phone number)
7. Then at Confirm page, verify the given Name, Gender, Birthdate, Address, Phone number are populated correctly using Assertion. 
8. Click on Confirm and verify Patient details page is redirected and verify the age is calculated correctly based on the date of birth provided.  
9. Click on Start Visit and Confirm the visit. 
10. Click on Attachment and complete the upload process. 
11. Verify toaster message is appeared for the successful attachment.
12. Redirect to Patient details screen. 
13. Verify Attachment section has attachment. 
14. Verfiy Recent Visit has one entry for current date with Attachment Upload tag.
15. Click on the End Visit action at RHS.
16. Start Visit again and Click on Capture Vitals menu.
17. Enter Height & Weight and Verify displayed BMI is calculated correctly using BMI formula.
18. Click on Save Form and Save button. 
19. Click on End Visit and redirect to Patient details page. 
20. In Patient details screen, verify the given Height and Weight is displayed correctly along with calculated BMI.
21. Verfiy Recent Visit has one more new entry for current date with Vitals tag.
22. Click on Merge Visits, select these 2 visit and click on Merge Selected Visits button. 
23. Redirect to patient details page by clicking on Return button. 
24. Verfiy Recent Visit has become one entry for current date with Vitals,Attachment Upload tag.
25. Click on Add Past Visit and verify the future date is not clickable in the date picker. 
26. Redirect to patient details page 
27. Click on Delete Patient and provide the reason. 
28. Click on confirm button and verify 	the toaster message. 
29. It will redirect you to Find Patient Record menu where verify the deleted patient should not listed out in the table using search options. 

Please use the framework with which you are familiar that should have log functionality and screenshots for all the testcases. In case if you are facing any problems on accessing the application please let us know. 



